## 중요한거 모음집

### 사진이 찍힌 장소 보고 답변
1. 사진이 찍힌 장소
	- This is a picture taken at a train station.
2. 가장 눈에 띄는 대상
	- The first thing I can see two people standing on the platform.
	  The woman is holding a map.
	  next to her, the man is pointing at something on the map.
3. 그 외에 보이는 것.
	- In the background of picture , there are some trains on the tracks.
4. 느낌 및 의견
	- Overall , It seems like they are waiting for a some trains.


### 질문 파악하고 답변하기
>Q : How long have you lived in you neghborhood ?
>A : I lived in my neighborhood for five years

> Q : What do you think is the best place to visit in your neighborhood why?
> A : I think he best place to visit is the Rose park.
> That's because I can exercising with beauty flowers.

> Q : Aside from prce , what factor do you think is the most important when choosing a neighbor hood to live in?
> A : I think public tarnsportaion is schools near my house when choosing a negiborhood to live in.
> First of all , I need public transportation to commute every day. 
> Secondly , I can use public transportation to meet with my friends in other parts of the city.
> I find it to be quick and convenient 
> Because of these reasons , I think that public transportation is very important.

### 질문 파악하고 답변하기 2
> Q : What type of music do you usually listen to, and who is your favorite musician?
> A : I usually listen to ~~ , and my favorite musician is ~~

>Q : How often do you listen to music, and when do you listen to it?
>A : I usually listen to twice a day, when I commute to work and on my way home.

> Q : Which of the following do you think is the best means of listening to music? Why?
> A : I think a streaming service is good.
> First of all , I can enjoy music by various musicians. Streaming service  offer a lot of music choices.
> Secondly , I can listen to the newest music because the latestsongs are uploaded quickly. 
> Therefore , I think using a streaming service to enjoy music is best.

### 질문 파악하고 답변하기 3
> Q : How often do you exercise each week , and where do you usually go?
> A : I exercise at least two or three times a weeek.
> and I narmally go to a gym near my home.

> Q : When do you usually exercise ? 
> A : I usually exercise Early morning . 
> Sometimes. I exercise at night when I have alot of things to do in the daytime.

> Q : What are the benefits of exercising regualrly?
> A : There are a lot of benefits of exercising regularly that it makes me healty and is a good way to reduce stress.
> First of all, exercising regularly makes me feel stronger and healthier.
> secondly, when I exercise, my stress goes away and I feel relaxed.
> Therefore , I think it is important to exercise regularly.

>[!note] 마지막에 꼭 외울것.
Of course, some people might think in other ways.
However I have several reasons to support my opinion.

